---
title: About the Development
sidebarDepth: 0
---
# Development Guide

**This page aims to provide AddOn developers with a learning path guide for AddOn development.**

## Getting Resources
---
Developing add-ons requires a series of resources. Here, essential resources for JAKA AddOn development are listed and will be continuously updated to facilitate developers in obtaining complete and up-to-date content.

Links to these resources will be provided again in the subsequent chapters where they are needed. This section serves as a reminder and summary.
1. [JAKA Virtual Machine](https://github.com/JakaCobot/JAKASim/releases/download/v1.0.1/JAKASim_x64_NoGraphic.7z)
2. [AddOn Kit Package](https://github.com/JakaCobot/jaka_addon_kit/releases)
3. AddOn [Development Template](https://github.com/JakaCobot/jaka_addon_kit)
4. Demos included in the tutorial [here](https://github.com/JakaCobot/jaka_addon_kit)

:::tip Note
The kit package will include the latest versions of matching Apps and controllers.
:::


## Before You Start
---
The target reader of this tutorial should have received basic robot operation training and owned a certain level of basic development skills. They should also be familiar with JAKA's script language `JKS`.

In addition, knowledge of programming languages such as node-red, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, etc., will be even more helpful for users to develop and use AddOn effectively.


## Overview of AddOn Development Tutorials
---

### Beginner Tutorials
If you're unsure about where to start, begin by learning the following tutorials:

* Quickly understand the complete process of AddOn development in the [Quick Start:point_left:](./2-QuickStart.md) section.
* Set up the AddOn development environment by following the steps in [Setting Up AddOn Development Environment:point_left:](./3-EnvironmentInstall.md).
* Learn the basic process and rules of developing custom command AddOn by creating "[JAKA_Command:point_left:](./4.1-JAKA_Command.md)".
* Learn the basic process and rules of developing custom service AddOn by creating "[JAKA_Serve:point_left:](./4.2-JAKA_Service.md)".
* Learn the basic process and rules of developing custom interface AddOn by creating "[JAKA_web:point_left:](./4.3-JAKA_Web.md)".

### Advanced Tutorials - Specific Cases
---
The purpose of beginner tutorials is to provide developers with a clear understanding of the process, so they only cover basic functionalities, lacking practical application scenarios.

Advanced tutorials are combined with specific scenario cases, allowing developers to learn about functionalities not mentioned or briefly mentioned in the beginner tutorial.

After understanding the basic development process of AddOn, you can choose a specific application case for learning. These cases include at least two out of three functionalities: custom instruction, custom service, and custom interface, collectively referred to as composite AddOn:
<!-- Confirmation needed for the "demo" section. Should it include detailed information for at least three different types? Currently, it only provides details for custom instruction blocks. -->
<!-- 1. [Ewellix Lifting Axis:point_left:](./6.2-EwellixLiftKit.md)  -->
<!-- 2. [DH Gripper](./6.1-DHGripper)  -->
:::tip More cases are on the way...
:::


<!-- todo: Add more tutorials covering each type of scenario: gripper, lifting axis, vision, etc. -->


## Related Reference Documents
---

- [**JAKAScript**:point_left:](/guide/jks.html): Scripting language used to implement custom command.
- [**Configuration Files**:point_left:](/guide/addOn/7.1-IniConfig): Field descriptions for AddOn profiles.
<!-- - [**JAKA http APIs**](https://console-docs.apipost.cn/preview/4799a89c0be775ce/48bff16c603e4a42): Provides http interfaces for interacting with the robot. -->
- [**JAKA App APIs**:point_left:](./AppAPI.html): Provides JavaScript functions for interaction between the front end and JAKA App.
- [**node-red**](https://nodered.org/docs/): Development platform and backend service for AddOn.
- [**JavaScript**](https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Learn/JavaScript): Used for scripting and logic in node-red.
<!-- - [**Front-end Technologies**](https://web.dev/learn/html/): Requires a certain level of front-end technology for developing custom page plugins -->
- [**Front-end Technologies**](https://www.w3school.com.cn/): Requires a certain level of front-end technology for developing custom page plugins.
