---
title: Writing User Guides
sidebarDepth: 0
---

# Writing User Guide

**This page aims to guide developers on what content should be included in the user guide for a completed AddOnXXX package, what rules to follow, and how to release it for user download or use.**

Generally, a user-oriented add-on user guide should include the following content to ensure users can install, configure, and use the add-on smoothly:

**Title and Introduction**
Specifically includes:

* Add-on Name
* Add-on Version
* Basic Information of the add-on

**Installation Guide**
Specifically includes:

* System Requirements

List information about the required operating system, software environment, hardware requirements, etc..

* Installation Steps

Provide step-by-step installation instructions, including any issues that may be encountered during the installation process and their corresponding solutions.

**Configuration Guide**
Specifically includes:

* Add-on Configuration Options

List the configuration options that users can customize.

* Configuration Steps

Provide step-by-step configuration instructions, including the role of each configuration option and recommended settings.

* Default Configuration

If the add-on has default configuration options, detailed information about the default configuration should be provided.

**Use Instructions**
Specifically includes:

* Main Functions

List the main features and uses of the add-on.

* Examples of Use

Provide practical examples of use to help users understand how to use the add-on in their own workflows.

**Troubleshooting**
Specifically includes:

* Frequently Asked Questions

List common problems users may encounter and their corresponding solutions.

* Add-on Logs

If the add-on generates log files, explain how to view and analyze these logs to resolve issues.

**Updates and Upgrades**
Specifically includes:

* Update Guide

Provide instructions on how to obtain and install add-on updates.

* Version History

List the version history of the add-on and the changes in each version.

**Support and Contact Information**
Specifically includes:

* Provide contact information for support, such as technical support hotline, email address, social media links, or forum links.

**Release**

Provide information about how will the AddOn packages be released and where to obtain them.

**Additional Information**
Specifically includes:

* Attachment information, such as plugin dependencies, known issues, or warnings.

::: tip Tip:
In addition to the above content, it is important to ensure that the user guide's language should be concise, easy to understand, and suitable for the target reader of the add-on.
:::

## How to publish the manual
---

**standalone document**     
Currently, JAKA supports to provide the user guide along with the packages in the form of PDF.Any changes in the future will be updated here.