---
title: AddOn Configuration File Description
sidebarDepth: 0
---

# AddOn Configuration File Specification
## 1. File Encoding Requirement
UTF-8 encoding is required.
## 2. File Naming Requirement
"AddOnName"+"_config.ini", for example, JAKA_Command_config.ini.

:::tip Note:
The "AddOnName" here must be identical to the name of the AddOn folder. Otherwise, the AddOn will not start properly.
:::


## 3. File Content
A typical AddOn configuration file is shown below:

```ini
[AddOnInfo]
convention = 3.0
name = JAKA_Command
description = "Output information in logs"
version = 1.0
type = 1
portal = 10006
url = http://localhost/myAddOnUi
languagetype = node-red
service = AddOn.json
serviceenabled = 1
```
## 4. Field Descriptions:  
`convention`   
AddOn package parser version. If not filled or the parser version is incorrect, an "Operation Invalid, AddOn Failed" prompt will appear when the App attempts to activate this AddOn.   
`name`  
The name of the AddOn package, which will automatically synchronize with the name of the AddOn folder when the AddOn is launched. It will be displayed as "Program Name" in the App's add-ons interface.  
`description`  
Functional description of the AddOn, displayed as "Description" in the App's add-ons interface. It is limited to 35 characters. If it exceeds this limit, the "Version" field in the App's add-ons interface will display "INVALID", and the "Description" will be empty. An "Operation Invalid, AddOn Failed" prompt will appear if the App attempts to activate this AddOn.  
`version`  
The version number of the AddOn itself, which can be customized. It corresponds to the "Version" in the App's add-ons interface.  

`type`  
Type of AddOn: 1 for custom command, 2 for custom service, 3 for custom page. If 1 or 2 is filled, there will be no globe button in the App's add-ons interface. If 3 is filled, a globe button will appear. If left blank or filled with other numbers or characters, the "Version" in the App's add-ons interface will display "INVALID", and the "Description" will be empty. An "Operation Invalid, AddOn Failed" prompt will appear if the App attempts to activate this AddOn.  
`portal`  
The port assigned automatically within the controller to the current AddOn. No user input is required and it can be left blank.  
`url`   
The URL to which the globe button in the AddOn operation options on the additional program page will redirect. This is the path to the entry file `index.html` in the frontend project of the AddOn. For example, if the `index.html` of the AddOn frontend project is located in the folder `JAKA_Command/client`, you can fill in `url = http://localhost/JAKA_Command/client`. The `localhost` field will be automatically replaced with the current robot's IP address during interpretation. If left blank, an "Operation Invalid, AddOn Failed" prompt will appear when the App attempts to activate this AddOn. If the filled path is incorrect, a "Load failed, please check the path" prompt will be displayed when clicking the globe button.  
`languagetype`   
The backend language used, currently only supports using node-red as the backend.  
`service`   
Specify the filename in JSON format. This file comes from the json file in the AddOn file directory, which contains the flow and node information defined in node-red. The file name can be customized, but the two must match. If the names do not match, an "AddOn Service does not exist" prompt will appear when the App attempts to activate this AddOn.  
`serviceenabled`   
Addon startup at boot, 0 means this AddOn package is in the closed state at startup, 1 means this AddOn package is in the open state at startup. If left blank or filled with other numbers or characters, an "Operation Invalid, AddOn Failed" prompt will appear when the App attempts to activate this AddOn.  